Smuggler report for Flandar
Password: password
Email: flandar@yahoo.com
Location: 77x82xS
Money: $328,003.17
Taxes: $28,034.12
Victor Points: 0
Cargo: 32`Native Foodstuffs
Items: OverRay Glasses
Skills: 

NOTE: @smuggler aaron pass

EXECUTING ORDER: LAUNCH
You tie down everything and settel back into your chair ready
for launch.  A quick roar of the engines and the sky melts away
into the blackness of space.  You are in orbit around  again
.

Your ship is boarded and search for illegal cargo.  After an
extensive search they find nothing and leave.

EXECUTING ORDER: MOVE Nunki
You lock in the coordinates and your ship tears off into space.
You see  disappear in the distance behind you. Then you see Nunki
appear ahead and you settle into orbit

*Your ship makes a strange sputter sound.  You check your instruments
to find that your $SYSTEM is damaged.

EXECUTING ORDER: LAND
Your ship steaks though the sky of  as you approach the docking
facility.  You get landing permision and manover your craft into
docking bay 819.

As you walked through a crowed area, you felt as though you were
being watch.  Then you were shoved from behind.  You turn around
to see who had pushed you to see nothing.  Then you notice your
Disguise Kit was stolen.

EXECUTING ORDER: Buy Native foodstuffs 12
You enter the market place looking for Native Foodstuffs. You
find a merchant willing to sell you 12 at the cost of $780.86
each, you agree and have it loaded on your ship.  The total cost
paid was $9,370.43.

battles not done

EXECUTING ORDER: Buy Native foodstuffs 4
You enter the market place looking for Native Foodstuffs. You
find a merchant willing to sell you 4 at the cost of $742.85
each, you agree and have it loaded on your ship.  The total cost
paid was $2,971.42.

A tax is assess in the amount of $240.94 for a total tax due
of $28,034.12.

EXECUTING ORDER: LAUNCH
A quick click of the buckle and punch of the red button and your
ship screams into the sky.  Moments later you silently glide
into orbit above .

*Suddenly a ship swops in on you, and a battle ensues.  Lasars
fire and ships race about in a silent ballet of life and death.
In the end your ship escapes the better off.
*With your opponent dissabled you take a moment to unload $NUM
$CARGO from his ship and escape.
*Suddenly a ship swops in on you, and a battle ensues.  Lasars
fire and ships race about in a silent ballet of life and death.
Finally you surrender to save your ship from destruction.
*A terriable grinding sound is heard as your helpless ship is
torn open and $NUM $CARGO is taken from your hull.  At least
your still alive.
*Your $SYSTEM has burn damage from the battle.
*The battle was just too much for your ship.  It slowly breaks
apart and you sadly enter the escape pod to abandon ship.  You
drift in space for days until you finally reach the planet $PLANET
where you buy a replacement ship for $COST.
*The damage to your ship is too sever.  You shutter to hear the
sound of metal shattering and air escaping.  In a moment its
all over.  Better luck next time.

EXECUTING ORDER: MOVE Sol
Using your finely tuned button pushing skills, you activate your
engines and your ship once again streaks through space.  In moments
you can nolonger see . Silently your ship approaches Sol.  Once
in orbit, space hobos immediately approach to wash your windows.
You activate your electromagnitic shock defense and they quickly
back away.

*Your ship makes a strange girgle sound.  You check your instruments
to find that your $SYSTEM is damaged.

EXECUTING ORDER: LAND
Your ship steaks though the sky of  as you approach the docking
facility.  You get landing permision and manover your craft into
docking bay 647.

You see an oppertunity to grab something good.  You victem is
totally engrossed in his shopping so you quietly grab his Prybar
and sneak away.

EXECUTING ORDER: Sell Native foodstuffs 12
You enter the market place looking to sell Native Foodstuffs.
When you find a merchant willing to buy your 12 Native Foodstuffs
at the cost of $952.36 each, you agree and have it off loaded
your ship.  The total earnings paid you was $11,428.38.

As you are about a goverment tax agent corners you and with the
help of his computer, you discover some obscure tax code that
requires you to pay $11.46.  You pay it quickly in cash and you
make yourself scares to avoid further taxes.

EXECUTING ORDER: sell Native foodstuffs 4
You enter the market place looking to sell Native Foodstuffs.
When you find a merchant willing to buy your 4 Native Foodstuffs
at the cost of $971.76 each, you agree and have it off loaded
your ship.  The total earnings paid you was $3,887.50.

As you walked through a crowed area, you felt as though you were
being watch.  Then you were shoved from behind.  You turn around
to see who had pushed you to see nothing.  Then you notice your
Prybar was stolen.

NOTE: @end
